[MLOB-2380] Add LLM Observability Serverless Quickstart Guide (#28118)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/quickstart.md

If your application consists of more elaborate prompting or complex chains or workflows involving LLMs, you can trace it using the [Setup documentation][11] and the [SDK documentation][1].

## AWS Lambda

> This generate an LLM Observability trace in an AWS Lambda serverless environment, create an Amazon Bedrock based chatbot running with LLM Observability in AWS Lambda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This generates an LLM Observability trace in an AWS Lambda environment and creates an Amazon Bedrock based chatbot running with LLM Observability in AWS Lambda.
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Python" %}}

> 1. Create a [Lambda function chatbot using Amazon Bedrock][1]

Author: are you referring to the `npm install` things?

if so - it's actually the same for both! it's a global installable package thru npm in the cloudwatch shell, although the language layer (Python, Node.js, Java, etc.) is based on the language of the Lambda function. this streamlines it no matter what language you're using.

but if that's not what you were referring to, lmk!

> 1. Create a [Lambda function chatbot using Amazon Bedrock][1]

Reviewer 2: oh yes 🤦‍♂️ hahah this is all good!

2. Instrument your Lambda function with the [Datadog Python extension][2]:
    1. Open a Cloudshell
    2. Install the Datadog CLI client
    ```shell
    npm install -g @datadog/datadog-ci
    ```
    3. Set the Datadog API key and site
    ```shell
    export DD_SITE=<YOUR_DD_SITE>
    export DD_API_KEY=<YOUR_DATADOG_API_KEY>
    ```

>     If you already have or prefer to use a secret in Secrets Manager, you can set the API key via the secret ARN:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you already have or prefer to use a secret in Secrets Manager, you can set the API key by using the secret ARN:
```

    1. In the AWS console, go to your Lambda function in `Configuration > Environment` variables. Click "Edit" and add the following environment variables:
        | Environment Variable | Value                   |
        |----------------------|-------------------------|
        | DD_LLMOBS_ENABLED    | 1                       |
        | DD_LLMOBS_ML_APP     | <NAME_YOUR_APPLICATION> |
5. Invoke your Lambda function and verify that LLM Observability traces are visible in the Datadog UI.

[1]: https://repost.aws/articles/ARixmsXALpSWuxI02zHgv1YA/bedrock-unveiled-a-quick-lambda-example
[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/serverless/aws_lambda/installation/python/?tab=datadogcli#installation

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Node.js" %}}

1. Create a [Lambda function chatbot using Amazon Bedrock][1]
2. Instrument your Lambda function with the [Datadog Node.js extension][2]:
    1. Open a Cloudshell
    2. Install the Datadog CLI client
    ```shell
    npm install -g @datadog/datadog-ci
    ```
    3. Set the Datadog API key and site
    ```shell
    export DD_SITE=<YOUR_DD_SITE>
    export DD_API_KEY=<YOUR_DATADOG_API_KEY>
    ```

>     If you already have or prefer to use a secret in Secrets Manager, you can set the API key via the secret ARN:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you already have or prefer to use a secret in Secrets Manager, you can set the API key by using the secret ARN:
```

If your application consists of more elaborate prompting or complex chains or workflows involving LLMs, you can trace it using the [Setup documentation][11] and the [SDK documentation][1].

## Trace an LLM application in AWS Lambda

> This generates an LLM Observability trace in an AWS Lambda environment and creates an Amazon Bedrock based chatbot running with LLM Observability in AWS Lambda.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following steps generate an LLM Observability trace in an AWS Lambda environment and create an Amazon Bedrock based chatbot running with LLM Observability in AWS Lambda.
```

1. Create a [Lambda function chatbot using Amazon Bedrock][13].
2. Instrument your Lambda function:
    1. Open a Cloudshell
    2. Install the Datadog CLI client
    ```shell
    npm install -g @datadog/datadog-ci
    ```
    3. Set the Datadog API key and site
    ```shell
    export DD_SITE=<YOUR_DD_SITE>
    export DD_API_KEY=<YOUR_DATADOG_API_KEY>
    ```
    If you already have or prefer to use a secret in Secrets Manager, you can set the API key by using the secret ARN:
    ```shell
    export DATADOG_API_KEY_SECRET_ARN=<DATADOG_API_KEY_SECRET_ARN>
    ```
    4. Instrument your Lambda function with LLM Observability (this requires at least version 77 of the Datadog Extension layer).

> {{< tabs >}}

Reviewer 3: Because this tabbed section is nested inside a numbered list, the tabs are indented. I think it looks a bit odd, but perhaps it is intentional and desired? Take a look and tell me what you think. If you'd like the tabs to be left justified, I think adding some extra newlines will separate them from the numbered list.

To see what I mean about the indentation, go to the [preview](https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/sabrenner/llmobs-serverless-quickstart/llm_observability/quickstart/?tab=python), search on the page for the string "77", and look at the tabs just below the search result.

Author: ahh yes i see what you're saying! yeah let me try adding some newlines around it to see if it helps a bit. it's not necessarily intentional, but otherwise i don't think it's something we're too concerned about.

Reviewer 3: I also played around with newlines. I was able to get the tab left justified, but it looked strange. I think the current configuration is the best. Thanks for being willing to experiment!
